[Music]
hi I'm chef Amy hoagie I'm here to teach
you how to play with food where I take a
classic recipe change it up a little bit
to create a whole new dish so today I'm
playing with macaroni salad and here I'm
just making a simple homemade macaroni
salad nothing too crazy I've got some
cooked macaroni you can use any kind of
pasta you want obviously but you can go
ahead and cook it al dente six to seven
minutes keeps its shape really nice not
too soft so we've got to put it in the
fridge you're good to go got half of a
hard-boiled egg I've got a little bit of
onion you can use any kind of onion you
want I got some green onion here I'm
gonna take a little bit of carrot I hit
it with some salt and then I've got some
dressing a simple dressing just mix up a
little Mayo a little vinegar and a
little bit of sugar if you don't have
that you could always throw in a little
ranch ranch goes with everything and
then just toss it around it's pretty
simple it's kind of a nice light dish
when you're really hungry but you don't
want to spend too much time in the
kitchen as long as you have some of
these it's really good to have some of
these things too chopped up ahead of
time kind of helpful anyway here you go
easy macaroni salad thanks for joining
me I'm chef Amy hoagie for more
information you can visit me at my
website at chef Amy with two E's calm
[Music]
you